* Todo
  - ( ) Make a function that toggles if show invisibles are on, maybe bind to <leader>i
  - ( ) Neorg config
  -- Add the modules I like, read up a bit more on new features when updating cnf
  -- Figure out how to make all todos show completion? Maybe ask the discord
  - ( ) lsp
  -- install and configure for languages I usually use, see TS list
  -- (x) lsp lines
  -- ( ) Install lsps for all the languages I care about
  - ( ) Per-File configs, in what file to expand tabs, how wide 'tabs' are, etc
  - ( ) cmp
  -- add all my cmp plugins
  -- neorg has a completion module?
  -- Change my aucomplete to be arrows, so I can use kanata's caps+hjkl arrows for that
  - ( ) vimtex -- get a decent environment, maybe look into a devenv like will runs
  - ( ) image rendering -- hologram? -- needed for neorg with how I notate
  - little guys
  -- ( ) no neck pain
  -- (x) Alpha-nvim 
  -- (x) colored paren/bracket matching
  -- (x) lualine
  -- (x) undotree
  -- (x) venn
  -- (x) vim gitgutter
  --- (x) Remove my remaps in favor of mini.move -- map to same Shift+hjkl
  -- indent lines
  - (x) Copy my filetype-agnostic settings
  - (x) Treesitter, with parsers for the langs I usually use
  -- Ended up going with: asm, bash, bash, c, c_sharp, haskell, java, latex, lua, markdown, nix, norg, regex, rust, toml, toml, verilog
  -- So... just a couple.
  - (x) Telescope
  - (x) Theme


* Cool future things:
  - Actually use whichkey or similar

  - https://github.com/Marskey/telescope-sg/
  - zoxide
  - broot -- telescope with that instead of fd?
  - https://github.com/rhysd/conflict-marker.vim
  - https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim -- see the keybinds sections, would be cool for staging hunks

  - Find/write a plugin for converting arbitrary lines with ascii? Like I'm having trouble drawing shallow lines between arbitrary points.

  - Document all the git keybinds/commands
  -- Fugitive is super cool, but I need to write down it's capabilities, do the same with the git signs plugin which are the <leader>h[] keybinds. I need to memorize them.
